How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped focusing on the area which were different between the two versions
    of the file. And the line by line (or block by block) comparison helped spotting
    typo on KEY_STATUS.spacr which should be written KEY_STATUS.space.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Easier to debug code looking for logical errores when adding new fonctionnalities
    to a program. 

    When several version of the code have been released, versionning is
    also key to debug the same code as the version of the program used by the 
    user/client.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Cons: Allows human error, starting with forgetting to create a comiit when 
    relevant.

    Pros: Creating a commit is a judgement call which are better suited to humans 
    than machine.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Coding often involve the use of several files (resources, ui, scripts, ...) 
    hence the need to save several files in VCS such as Git, i.e. dedicated to coding.
    Other VCS such Google Docs are more related to office type of docs whereby most of
    the time only one file is involved (xls, doc, ppt...).

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log allows to see all the commits while git diff allows to see the specific 
    changes made to the code between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It allows to save a bug free version of the code and restore it later on if new
    developments doesn't really improve the code or introduce bugs starting with 
    logical errors.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    My primary use of Git will be to monitor and track different version of Android
    apps to be developped under Android Studio.